Various consistency and simplicity changes (#35)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: website/docs/getting-started/intro.md

import Introduction from '@theme/Introduction'

Here you will find instructions to setup and customize Tauri on your environment

If you find an error or something unclear, or would like to propose an improvement, you have several options:<br />

1. Open an issue on our [Github Repo](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs).<br />
2. Visit our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SpmNs4S) and raise your concern.<br />

> 3. Request to join the documentation working group on Discord to gain access to its discussion channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Request to join the education working group on Discord to gain access to its discussion channel.
```

- [Tauri Integration](../usage/integration)

### Developing an App

There are several methods for developing an app with Tauri. The most common is to point Tauri at a localhost port from your front-end framework's development server. If your framework doesn't provide you with this, or if you aren't using a framework, then you can instruct Tauri to serve (and transpile if needed) from a relative file path. In both cases you will have HMR (Hot Module Reloading). Read about this process:

- [App Development](../usage/development)
- [App Debugging](../usage/debugging)

### Making App Icons

Your app will need icons, so Tauri provides a command for making all the icons your app will need, no matter which platform you are targeting. Simply place a 1240x1240 png (with transparency) named `app-icon.png` in your project folder and run `tauri icon`. The icons will be placed in `src-tauri/icons` and automatically consumed by Tauri during the build process.

### Bundling an App

> The basic process of building a Tauri App is very straightforward and unopinionated. In the Tauri configuration file you reference a distribution folder e.g. `../dist/spa` where your HTML, CSS, JS and other assets can be found. Then you run `tauri build`. Tauri prepares your code depending upon your configuration and bundles everything up into a nice and tidy binary.

Reviewer: People may not use `tauri build` to actually bundle their app but maybe `yarn tauri build`, `npm run tauri build` or another script. I think it would be better to keep this sentence in plain English.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The basic process of building a Tauri App is very straightforward and unopinionated. In the Tauri configuration file you reference a distribution folder e.g. `../dist/spa` where your HTML, CSS, JS and other assets can be found. Then you tell the Tauri CLI to build your app. Tauri prepares your code depending upon your configuration and bundles everything up into a nice and tidy binary.
```

<div class="alert alert--info" role="alert">
The first time you build a project it will take some time to collect the resources that Tauri needs from the relevant Rust Crates, but subsequent builds will be much faster as it is all cached.
</div>

## Technical Details

### CLI

The CLI is node.js based, because it is arguably the most accessible for the majority of the web-development community. Using Tauri requires the latest LTS because we track security patches. In the future we will enable you to use Deno instead of Node if that is your jam.

### User Interface

<!-- TODO: Update for Zserge Webview bindings -->

The first generation user interface in Tauri apps leverages Cocoa/WebKit on macOS, gtk-webkit2 on Linux and MSHTML (IE10/11) or Webkit via EdgeHTML / Chakra on Windows. **Tauri** leverages the MIT licensed prior work known as [webview](https://github.com/zserge/webview) that has been incorporated into [web-view](https://github.com/Boscop/web-view).

<div class="alert alert--warning" role="alert">
  We are currently working on enabling the Web APIs and many of them may not be available on your platform.
</div>

### The `src-tauri` Folder

> The `src-tauri` folder contains both the configuration for your Tauri app as well as any native Rust code. It is automatically created and filled with boilerplate code when `tauri init` is run. Configuration is stored in the `src-tauri/tauri.conf.json` file, and the `src-tauri/src` folder contains the native Rust code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src-tauri` folder contains both the configuration for your Tauri app as well as any native Rust code. It is automatically created and filled with boilerplate code when Tauri is initialized. Configuration is stored in the `src-tauri/tauri.conf.json` file, and the `src-tauri/src` folder contains the native Rust code.
```

### Components of Tauri

The Node CLI reads your configuration file and gets everything prepped for bundling into a binary, such as configuring the injection of the Tauri API. It also contains a few helpful commands such `tauri icon` command for making icons, `tauri init` for scaffolding an app, and `tauri info` for debugging your environment.

The Tauri Rust Crate is the actual native code that binds to the Webview, creates your app's window, and provides the native API (file read / write, etc.).

> The bundler combines your HTML/JS/CSS, native rust code, and the Tauri Rust Crate into a nice and easy to consume binary for your target OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bundler combines your HTML/JS/CSS, native Rust code, and the Tauri Rust Crate into a nice and easy to consume binary for your target OS.
```
